Here are the Claude code skills that helped me get 10 million views and 98,000 followers in the last 30 days. The first one is my morning report. This runs at the beginning of every single day. It includes multiple subs skills and it essentially scripts the entire internet and lets me know what is going on in the AI world over the last 24 hours. From there, I have my deep research workflow which allows me to pinpoint any particular topic that came up in the morning report that I want to learn more about and it dives deep. It has multiple tracks running simultaneously with multiple subs skills, including my YT pipeline skill, which is a custom one, as well as a notebook LMD analysis skill. It looks at the web, Twitter, GitHub, YouTube, everything, and then gives me a much deeper synthesized brief that gets put into my Obsidian vault. Next, it's time to take that information, actually turn it into content. And for this, we're using Claude Code Skills, and we're bringing things like Notebook LM, Obsidian to create sort of long form content first before we repurpose that on LinkedIn. and X. So, we take everything we got from the deep research and then we begin to do some ideation on that before we actually go into stuff that has to do with the script. I don't do a full script. I do outlines, but I do nail down some things when it comes to the actual hook, obviously, beat by beat outline. And then I have a YouTube titles skill, which takes a look at what's been working for me lately and then applies it to that subject. Then, we have some post-prouction skills. So, I'm able to take what I did in a long- form YouTube video and essentially turn that into a blog, a Twitter post, and a LinkedIn post all in my own voice. And all of that is based on that particular platform. So, everything isn't just the same. Then we look at short form stuff. So, we're taking that one long form clip and we're turning it into multiple clips. So, taking a 20 30 minute video and figuring out how we can talk about the same subject in 30 60 90 clips. So, virtually all these skills are custom and they form the backbone of my content strategy. So, if you actually want to get your hands on them, you can find them inside my community.
